# 异步与同步
  
## 异步（Asynchronous）
与同步处理相对，异步处理不用阻塞当前线程来等待处理完成，而是允许后续操作，直至其它线程将处理完成，并回调通知此线程。  
  
## 同步（Synchronous）
完全按顺序执行、处理，等待阻塞。  
  
## 异步与并发并行的区别
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/4844637/what-is-the-difference-between-concurrency-parallelism-and-asynchronous-methods  
> Asynchronous methods aren't directly related to the previous two concepts, asynchrony is used to present the impression of concurrent or parallel tasking but effectively an asynchronous method call is normally used for a process that needs to do work away from the current application and we don't want to wait and block our application awaiting the response.  
For example, getting data from a database could take time but we don't want to block our UI waiting for the data. The async call takes a call-back reference and returns execution back to your code as soon as the request has been placed with the remote system. Your UI can continue to respond to the user while the remote system does whatever processing is required, once it returns the data to your call-back method then that method can update the UI (or handoff that update) as appropriate.  
From the User perspective, it appears like multitasking but it may not be.  
  
https://medium.com/better-programming/sync-vs-async-vs-concurrent-vs-parallel-5754cdb60f66  
> Sync and async are programming models.
Concurrent and parallel are ways tasks are executed, where parallel is a narrow version of concurrent.
  
  
## Java 异步
[示例代码](./并发与并行(Java)/Defog/Asynchronous.java)  
  
